yo what is going on guys dr. pineapples
here back with another commentary for
the doom clan channel today what you
guys are going to be looking at is a 65
solo gunstreak on the map terrace by
doom radical this is all at the ak-12
the standard version of the ak-12 so no
elite ak-12 rip or anything hopefully
you guys can go ahead and drop a like on
this video that would be absolutely
amazing do radicals an insane player you
go check him out his link as well as
mine are in the description for me
personally this is the first time I've
seen a really good gameplay on the map
Terrace now this map is a good map I
enjoy playing it thoroughly but it's
nowhere near as good as the other maps
in this game like solar and retreat and
you know the other maps that are really
good in this game but this is definitely
out there this is definitely on the top
half of the best maps in this game and
it's good to finally see someone get a
pretty decent gameplay on this map you
can see here the bottom right-hand
corner of the screen he's using the
system hack in the UAB which is pretty
much the go to kill streaks for anyone
trying to get a nice DNA bomb any other
killstreaks you use such as the powder
in the warbird might be good for going
for a nuclear medal or vicious whatever
the heck you want to call it I know it
as a nuclear you guys might know it as a
vicious but I basically that's just a 30
kill street without any gun kill so you
can get literally all 30 of your kills
with kill streaks and still get the
vicious battle now that might sound
fantastic at first and you can see there
he picks up his DNA bomb but eventually
you're going to get to the point where
those kill streaks are just not going to
do anything because they're really weak
as opposed with all the colleges we've
seen previously the killstreaks in this
game really just don't do anything and
that's why it's much more logical to run
kill streaks that will help you when you
can still be mobile another thing about
the killstreaks is there's no real kill
streak that you can call in like the
pave low to just follow you around and
get a lot of kills I mean I know there's
the warbird i think it is and you can
get it to follow you around or act kind
of like an attack helicopter but it's in
no way shape or form as good as even
like the attack helicopter from modern
warfare 2 in modern warfare 3 it's
definitely like something that you get a
killer to maybe with every time so i
definitely do not recommend running that
if you're going to go for DNA bombs you
need to be running the system hack and
the UAV and you can pretty much put
whatever like upgrades on them that you
want i personally like to run threat
detection of the UAV and flash on my
system hack that's personally the way i
find to be more
successful but you may find other ways
be more successful do whatever the heck
works for you because that's what's
going to help you be more successful in
the game it's amazing to think that just
two weeks ago the game came out and
people were thinking oh lord DNA bombs
are going to be super hard to get and
already you can see people pumping out
these insane gameplays I commentated
previously on doom over a double DNA and
that's not the only one other members of
God we got note I think like six or
seven maybe even eight double DNA's I'm
not too sure the exact number but I mean
we are going in are not just us but
everyone's going in I mean the game look
to be a lot harder than it was going to
be you know XO jumping all this new
futuristic stuff is going to be really
tough to maneuver in control and you can
already see that people are pumping out
gameplays like they would on a normal
cod and that's something that I think
has been kind of blown up over the years
people have gotten better at called duty
especially since modern warfare 3 I
think and that's really when you tube
blew up i think is when modern warfare 3
introduced the moab the first kill
streak that technically the nuke 4 model
142 was but I mean people never even
fathom getting to nukes in the game I
think it happened once or twice during
modern warfare 2 but when modern warfare
3 team use standards were introduced the
double Moab came the triple up game that
quad Moab came the Pinta and the hexa
Moab came and that's what really blew up
some of the youtubers that are popular
on YouTube right now they got their
start in modern warfare 3 and that's how
they grew their channel and ever since
that point we've had one of these secret
kill streaks in every call of duty yes
black ops 2 didn't actually have a kill
streak that you called in but they did
have at least a nuclear metal and that's
at least something that people could
strive for in that game and black ops 2
was a very solid game to a lot of people
blew up on black ops 2 but ever since
then we've had three out of four the
past call of duty games with a secret
kill streak that you can actually call
in and fall out of the for call of duty
games with an actual secret little at
least something you can try to get for
YouTube you know double nuclear was at
least fun to watch and you know really
treyarch at least tried by putting in
the nuclear into their game but you know
the pressure is all on them now select
hemmer came in and made their first
caught and made a beast cod so far and
they implemented a killstreak 30 kills
secret that you can get that resembles
the nuke resent
the highest killstreak things I wouldn't
even care if they made it 35 kills they
just need to put some kind of kill
straight you can call in their next call
duty game that's something that will
turn a lot of people off of this new
game if it doesn't include that and
something that will really hurt the game
on YouTube hurt the people who go for
game plays and hurt the game as a whole
and that does not come into the game
speaking of things that need to come
back into the game considering
sledgehammer put in this completely new
movement system of the exosuit this
needs to come back into call of duty
2015 simply because too many people are
going to have gotten used to this and
it's just going to be a completely
different transition back to what cod
once was and in my opinion a regression
of call of duty so they definitely need
to stay on task put the thing back in
the game in some way shape or form
doesn't have to be an exosuit or
something that does the same thing
because a lot of people have already
gotten used to the exosuit that's my
question for you guys today in the
comments section do you think the
exosuit should return a call of duty
2015 in checks next game do you think
that there should be a secret 30 25
killstreak that is kind of like a DNA
violin the next call duty I certainly
think there should be simply because so
many people have gotten used to it it
makes for good videos on YouTube and a
good time playing the game I definitely
think they should implement all those
things back into the new call duty let
me know your opinions down below I will
definitely go back and read all of them
and make sure and see what I can see the
gameplay is winding down here don't
forget to go subscribe to doom radically
would definitely appreciate it subscribe
to me my link is in the description
below as well and thanks for watching
another doom commentary and I will see
you guys in the next video peace out
guys
you